final musical instrument
Welcome back after King's Landing
Lord's Landing
I think you got the wrong guy.
King's Landing
Willing to enlist North Malaysia
Twenty-nine generals
Standing on an island
Ren Zhan Wang Qi Gong is unparalleled
The Marquis of King's Landing is known to all in the world
Three years ago, since your assassination
The subordinates have been waiting in Beizhou
Today I finally waited for the emperor to return
Hey no no no
The military order I told you about
It doesn't matter.
I don't have time to mess around here with you
My wife should be in a hurry
Your Majesty, are you sick?
Let go
Living on the devil king deserves death
After the emperor was seriously injured
Looks like amnesia
Notify me of the Northern War Department
Send 100,000 soldiers to be the master
Mr. Wang
Wife, I will return